I'm gonna share with you three tips to
make perfect fried onion rings every
time I might share with you a couple of
other little tips along the way you're
in Steve's kitchen now let's get on and
make fried onion rings now into a mixing
bowl I'm just gonna put a cup and a half
of plain or all-purpose flour and I'm
gonna be making a beer batter here you
could use a different liquid I've got a
330 mil bottle of great Australian beer
and I've measured that out into her cup
and 3/4 you could use lemonade you could
use fizzy water whatever really
whichever you prefer I really like a
beer batter and you see that's going to
froth up and aerate the batter nicely
I'm just going to use a whisk now and
bring this up to a nice thick batter and
as that starts to come together I'm
going to add a couple of teaspoons of
paprika and this is a tip it really
makes crispy batter it's not one of the
main tips but two teaspoons of sugar
that will make your batter lovely and
crisp I've got one teaspoon of garlic
powder and a couple of teaspoons of salt
and we continue to whisk this together
now seasoning is very important I'm
going to be putting a little black
pepper in here tip number one taste your
batter if your batter tastes bland it
ain't gonna taste any better when you
fry it so make sure you've got all the
seasoning just right so we're set the
batter aside and prepare our onions tip
number two and know it doesn't matter
whether you use red brown or white
onions they're all absolutely delicious
don't cut your onions so thin if we use
skinny little onion rings like this
you're going to end up with just batter
and no flavor cut your onion rings about
a centimetre 1/2 an inch wide it'll make
wonderful onion rings and you can take
the outer skin off after you've cut them
it's so very simple and then what you're
going to have is these wonderful thick
onion rings trust me they're going to
taste delicious and when you've sliced
the Rings
take a little bit of flour in another
bowl pop the onion rings in there and
just give them a little like dusting
that'll just absorb some of the moisture
off your onion rings before we fry them
tongs are really great when you're
making onion rings two sets of tongs are
fantastic one set for handling in the
batter one set for handling in the fryer
look you'll see what I mean as we go
along so here are my onion rings coated
in flour my batter here I'm gonna drop
them into the batter now you can use
your fingers you are gonna get messy but
by using tongs we can coat those onion
rings in the batter and then we can lift
them up let them drain just a little bit
which leads me to tip number three make
sure your oil is hot 190 degrees Celsius
or 375 Fahrenheit if it's too hot
they'll burn if it's too cold they'll
just get all soggy and when the oil is
the perfect temperature we can just lift
those onion rings and if you've got the
tongs you can just drop them in for a
few seconds hold them and then just drop
them and let go just take a second one
in there just hold it by holding them
with the tongs and just letting them in
slowly they start to crisp up and they
won't all stick together now using my
second pair of tongs I'm going to let
these cook for one-and-a-half minutes
I'm gonna flip them over and cook them
for another 1 and 1/2 minutes so it's 3
minutes in total of perfect onion rings
I'm just gonna flip those over now see
they're lovely and golden brown on that
side and because we put the sugar in
that batter these are gonna stay lovely
and crispy it's almost like frying
doughnuts and actually good onion rings
should look like doughnuts now that's a
minute and a half and look we've got
these wonderful golden onion rings just
gonna pop them on to a little bit of
kitchen paper towel and let the excess
oil drip off so they're my tips for
making wonderful onion rings every time
and of course the proof of the pudding
is in the eating come down here take a
look at these don't they look delicious
I've got some homemade ketchup here you
can hear they're lovely and crisp I've
got to give this one the taste test here
goes
they taste absolutely perfect you have
to try these next time you make onion
rings please give it a go share the love
give this on the thumbs up I'll see you
in the next video take care now off you
go I've got to sit and eat myself some
onion rings I'm going to leave some
links here probably to that ketchup that
I made and maybe another video as always
I love to hear your comments subscribe
to the channel I'll see you next time